what is up drama alert nation i'm your
host killer keemstar let's get right
into the news our first story comes from
lizard squad and I know I talk a lot
about lizard squad but what's not to
talk about I mean they hacked xbox live
numerous times they've hacked it once
again now I'm just going to talk a
little bit about some trick shots just
because it's so easy to mess with you
guys I mean I tweet one thing and you
little faggots are all tweeting at me
like but her crying to me and everything
like that so I mean all respect to the
faze clan I love those guys those guys
are cool but I don't know what it is
it's just the community is just easy to
mess with now in other news unrelated to
call of duty or any type of xbox gaming
Nash Grier tweeted out today i fucked my
dog as you can clearly see by his tweet
here ksi then responded bag LMAO that is
it for today's episode of drama alert
let's try and get one like on this video
drama alert nation now I over 150
subscribers so I hope you guys enjoyed
this video of shit keemstar says if you
haven't already checked him out he makes
some pretty sick drama alert which is
like a news video for anything gaming
related and it's pretty sweet so i'll
have a link in the description if you're
watching this King star keep up the work
good work and that's freaking awesome
that you see this hopefully guys enjoyed
my my drawn on beard and I try to kind
of look like he's darkly always wears a
hat in this video so hopefully you guys
enjoyed it hopefully enjoyed my little
tweets I had to write everything
backwards which is kind of difficult but
yeah thank us for watching this is an
atom or oag I'll see you guys later
actually first comment below who you
want me who you want to see me do next
alright there we go us about a Moroi we
gel see you guys later